Listen to me. It's okay. Listen to me
Teacher
Please don't call me teacher!
I don't have a student like you
I see you came today
Just to lick them, right?
Take a look.
Look what happened to all of this.
I didn't mix well, and I learned to contradict the teacher
Get out of here!
Did you hear that?
Here it is.
Your family is the poorest
I'm the cheapest
This Teacher Wang?
Get you out
That's your face
Get out of here
Excuse me, distinguished guests
May I ask who is Mr. George's friend?
Of course it's Ben
The others here seem to know missing George
Hello, Brother Bin
subordinate owner
In order to provide better service
Mr. George has already explained
All consumption in the audience today is free of charge.
All free orders
Did I hear it right?
Hey, Uncle Lin, this is the Muni Brothers
I'm not dreaming, am I? Haha Lin Dong
You don't really think
It's because of your face that the order is free, right?
Oh.
Not to see my face
See whose face
Hahaha
Could it be that you are the face of eating Ye's soft rice?
You didn't see the manager clinging to me
This is called strength
Uh-huh.
shameless
Shenyang
You eat my meal
Come and teach me
Which of the two of us will not leave office every day? Shen Yan
You follow us and try to eat and drink as much as possible
All this is thanks to us, Mr. Lin
Without Master Lin, you would never have been able to sit in this seat in your life
Since you still dare to be unreasonable to our Lin Shao
That is.
What did my teacher teach you back then?
Really bad character
Well, the teacher doesn't need to compete with him
Hello Manager Bing
How can I help you?
Throw away this food and drink trash for me